Change tape formatter (#7759)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/brown-swans-taste.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fixed: replace _directive end marker line_ by _document end marker line_ in the output of the tap formatter

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed: YAML diagnostic block _end marker line_ of the `tap` formatter
```
